Support event refinement (#48)
kiegroup/kogito-docs: serverlessworkflow/modules/ROOT/pages/getting-started/cncf-serverless-workflow-specification-support.adoc

[[events]]
== Events

Kogito supports events of the Workflow model as defined in the link:{spec_doc_url}#Event-Definition[Serverless Workflow specification definition], except:

> * `consumeEventRef` property in link:{spec_doc_url}#eventref-definition[EventRefDefintion] is not implemented. Same functionality can be achieved by using xref:eventing/working-with-callbacks.adoc[Callback] state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `resultEventRef` property in link:{spec_doc_url}#eventref-definition[EventRefDefintion] is not implemented. Same functionality can be achieved by using xref:eventing/working-with-callbacks.adoc[Callback] state. In this state, the property `resultEventRef` is not required on Kogito implementation.
```

Something like this. WDYT?

Author: ok, please check the rewording
